today I'll show you how to make the
ultimate portable tool case that not
only fits in your pocket but can help
run your everyday lives a little bit
easier the urban deltoid survival tip
now to get started you'll need one empty
Altoids tin which can be found in the
trash or bought at any local variety
store these tins are surprisingly strong
and this Altoids mini tin war perfectly
for my everyday uses turn off you will
need some pyro now what is any survival
tin without some matches this will help
you have emergency fire-starting
capabilities no matter where you go now
the next item is great for your whether
you're in the city or the country and
this is a small roll of copper wire now
it's great for emergency sewing up some
tears in your pants or if you just want
to charge your phone on in a cool way
copper wire is a great thing to carry on
you and since it's lightweight and small
we'll throw it in the tin now the next
tool is a real lifesaver and is a great
one to have this small wad of cotton
cloth is perfect for covering up wounds
and keeping those source protected now
you don't plan for accidents but they
still do happen so this is great to
throw in the tin as well now if you're
like me microSD cards help run our daily
lives with cell phones and cameras all
around us however removing files from
your computer to micro sd may be
difficult this small micro SD to USB
adapter keeps all your files movable and
great for backing up your storage
sometimes files may not be broken but
objects might be instead so this mini
bottle of super glue is absolutely
amazing for any situation whether it is
gluing homework fixing clothes sealing
an open cut super glue is one of the
most amazing tools to have for this
Altoids tin now I cannot tell you enough
how nice it is to have this next item
chewing gum has some pretty sweet uses
it is great for if you want to have
fresh breath out of business meeting job
interviews and even those special dates
with your partner gum is great to carry
around and can't hurt to throw inside
your mini tin so you moz well now to the
next item if you're in school like me
pen and paper are always a must this
little pot of paper mini pens seem to be
small for the job but don't
underestimate this can be the one tool
that helps you write the final test and
really benefit you in the end now a big
warning about this next tool knives are
not only sharp and great for cutting
rope but they also have summer
actions check your local laws regarding
carrying this in your minute in and the
size restrictions on the blade
many of these blades have some
restrictions and you cannot carry them
and conceal them now let's get into the
real deal urban survival this last item
but certainly not least is the 16
gigabyte 2.0 USB now this USB has some
amazing goodies packed inside so let's
get started this USB is called a multi
boot USB now in other words it just
means that when you plug this into a
computer it can boot into multiple
operating systems which is very useful
for many scenarios along with that it
comes with hundreds of useful computer
tools some including data recovery
software and antivirus programs
partition tools security auditing
software password recovery and hard
drive repair and plus hundreds more the
main program that supplies many of these
tools is called hyerin's boot CD now I
converted it over to a USB and you can
find out how to do that online you can
check out the description below for more
details and how you can make your own IT
professional boot USB you have finally
created your very own urban output
survival tune now some of you may have
ideas for other objects you can place
inside the tin so let me know place a
comment in the description below for
your dream Altoid survival tin and let
me know what you think thank you for
watching and feel free to check out some
more of my content by clicking on one of
the boxes if you like what you saw feel
free to subscribe it costs nothing and
helps us out tremendously also before
you go remember to visit our dude and
goober King because they have some
pretty awesome content as well
brings you from chemistry experiments to
some epic pyro fun you can subscribe to
them by clicking on the red buttons
thanks again and have a great day